Vn-OKTA-396302-Add note about issuer to Node Express Quickstart Guide (#2171)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app/configure-packages/index.md

* **Client Secret** &mdash; find it on the application's **General** tab.
* **Okta Domain** &mdash; you can find the Okta Domain in the Admin Console's global header in the upper-right corner of the page. Click the section that displays your email and company name.  A drop-down box appears and displays general org information including the full Okta domain (for example, subdomain.okta.com).

> You can use the [default Custom Authorization Server](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#default-custom-authorization-server) that is provided in your [Okta Developer Edition](https://developer.okta.com/signup/) org. If you want to use another [Custom Authorization Server](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#custom-authorization-server), then you need the following value from the Admin Console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [default Custom Authorization Server](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#default-custom-authorization-server) that's provided in your [Okta Developer Edition](https://developer.okta.com/signup/) org. If you want to use another [Custom Authorization Server](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#custom-authorization-server), then you need the following value from the Admin Console:
```
